Add some sort of author pledge + update Spanish template (#509)
ropensci/software-review: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/A-submit-software-for-review.md

</details>

## Author's commitment

- [ ] I have read the [author guide](https://devdevguide.netlify.app/authors-guide.html) and intend to fully participate in the process in particular respond to reviews, or will do my best to 

> find a successor if I e.g. change jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
find a successor if necessary (for example because of a change in jobs).
```

(Sorry, I'm just deeply indoctrinated to avoid euro-centric latinate abbreviations :smile: )

Author: Hey, that's really good to know, thank you!
